Received: from sina.com ([219.139.20.78])
	by spam-gw.ccert.edu.cn (MIMEDefang) with ESMTP id j8UAVIYl001234
	for <ding@ccert.edu.cn>; Sat, 1 Oct 2005 11:48:39 +0800 (CST)
Message-ID: <0012370670$00425376$76308171@sina.com>
From: =?GB2312?B?bG9uZ21pbmdodWk=?= <pu@sina.com>
To: ding@ccert.edu.cn
Subject: =?gb2312?B?QW4gb3BlbiBsZXR0ZXIgdG8gQW1lcmljYW4gUHJlc2lkZW50IE1yLiBCdXNoICC+tNbCw8C5+tfc
zbOyvMqyz8jJ+rXEuau/qtDF?=
Date: Sat, 1 Oct 2005 11:59:37 +0800
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary="----=_NextPart_001_0045_01CB2ED0.DC539D5D"
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106


   An     open     letter     to     American    President    Mr.    Bush
   敬致美国总统布什先生的公开信 Hello, my respectable President Mr. Bush:
   The  fact  that  DuPont  declined  to  fulfill  the agreement has been
   presented  to you for several times via president@whitehouse.gov; As a
   result,  president@whitehouse.gov  sent  back three letters containing
   the  following  same  contents  on  the behalf of Mr. President in Sep
   2004:”Thank you for e-mailing President Bush. Your ideas and comments
   are very important to him.” My ”ideas and comments” are as follows:
   it  is verified by Mr. Huang with adequate facts and irrefutable legal
   evidences  that DuPont must disburse Mr. Huang patent fee, license fee
   or  equivalent  “Utter  Compensation”  fee  and DuPont’s persistent
   refusal  to  disburse  these  fees  infringes  upon  the  intellectual
   property rights of Mr. Huang. president@whitehouse.gov mentioned ”are
   very  important  to him.” I don’t dare to unduly surmise the meaning
   of  “very  important”  to  Mr.  President;  However, according to my
   humble  opinions,  there exits the following “important”: on the one
   hand,  respectable  Mr.  President, the American Government led by Mr.
   President  as  well  as  the  great  American people bitterly hate the
   predation of the intellectual property rights of others through brazen
   means  such  as  stealing,  shameless  acts;  in  contrast,  DuPont is
   committing  such  brazen  and  shameless deals; on the other hand, the
   number of your country’s intellectual property rights in a variety of
   fields  is  far  in  excess  of  that  of any nations in the world and
   suffers  greatly  from rights infringement. Therefore, your government
   always  reserves  no  efforts in urging other nations to intensify the
   law  enforcement  strength  to  protect  your  country’s intellectual
   property rights. However, while your government reserves no efforts in
   urging  the  Chinese  government  to  intensify  the  law  enforcement
   strength  to  protect your country’s intellectual property rights and
   receives  your  “more encouraged” praise(note), DuPont is infringing
   the   intellectual  property  rights  of  Mr.  Huang  through  various
   extremely  brazen  and shameless means, which constitutes an extremely
   bad  signal  to  the  governments  and  public of other nations in the
   world, a extremely “good” model for current and potential thieves of
   intellectual  property  rights,  an enormous damage to your government
   protection  of  your  country’s  intellectual  property rights, and a
   tremendous  humiliation  to your country’s lofty status in the world.
   For  the  sake  of  the  glory  of  the  great American people and the
   reputation of a legion of American corporations, in order to safeguard
   your country’s lofty status in the world and protect the intellectual
   property  rights  of  your  country and other nations in the world, we
   humbly  request  you  and  your  government  to prevent DuPont’s such
   extremely  brazen  infringement  and even seizure behaviors, and force
   DuPont  to  carry  out  it’s  voluntarily promised obligations in the
   agreement.  We  firmly  believe that the United State is not a country
   that  shields  and  connives at rascals and the American government is
   not  a  government  that  shields  and  connives at rascals; Under the
   instruction   of  our  respectable  Mr.  President  and  the  American
   government,  the  rascal of DuPont shall be aware of shame and be able
   to  turn  into  a normal corporation by giving up shameless behaviors.
   Due to the adequate evidences, the clear-cut rights and obligations of
   both  parties of DuPont and Mr. Huang, and simple legal relations, the
   infringement  of  the  intellectual  property  rights  of Mr. Huang by
   DuPont can be absolutely prevented and DuPont will surely disburse Mr.
   Huang patent fee, license fee or equivalent “Utter Compensation” fee
   as long as your government intensifies the law enforcement strength to
   protect  intellectual  property  rights  as  well.  With best regards!
   Authorized  agent:  SXF  2005.09.17.23：59 （note） It was reported by
   China’s  sina  website on Sep 14, 2005 that China’s president Jintao
   Hu  met  with  American  president  Bush  in  New  York on Sep 13, and
   President  Bush  expressed his encouragement by the Chinese government
   actions   to   intensify  the  law  enforcement  strength  to  protect
   intellectual property rights. Annex: Heartfelt thanks for your reading
   my  E-mail  and your mail of attention to this matter. I would like to
   make  some  replenishment  concerning the matter, for you to judge and
   decide.  I Abstract 1. At the request of Du Pont, Mr. Huang has for 10
   times submitted written technical materials to Du Pont from April 1993
   to  1994, for expert group of Du Pont to conduct feasibility analysis.
   2.  On  February  22,  1995,  Dr  Robert  F Sklar, Technology Transfer
   Licensing  Manager  of  DuPont arrived in Shanghai in China, to “sign
   many  agreements”  with Mr. Huang. Mr. Huang insisted DuPont examines
   samples  first  before  signs  any agreement. However, as samples were
   still  in  the process of purification at the time, no agreements were
   signed  then.  3. On March 28, 1995, Mr. Huang sent the first batch of
   samples  to  Du  Pont  by  post.  4.  On  September 7, 1995, Mr. Huang
   received  “Biological Evaluation Agreement” (1995 Agreement) sent by
   Du  Pont, requiring Mr. Huang to sign this agreement and again provide
   samples.  Mr.  Huang  signed  the  agreement  and sent second batch of
   samples  as  requested  by  DuPont.  DuPont  admit in Article 5 of the
   “1995 Agreement” that Mr. Huang will be entitled to claim patent and
   licensing  fees.  DuPont states in Article 8 of the “1995 Agreement”
   that  Mr. Huang may not cooperate with any universities or enterprises
   in  any  form  before  and  after  signing of this agreement (for this
   reason,   Mr.   Huang  has  refused  cooperation  request  of  several
   companies).  5.  On  September  10,  1998, DuPont sent a letter to Mr.
   Huang,  asking  for third batch of samples. 6. In 1999, DuPont carried
   out  a  month-long insecticide screening on the third batch of samples
   (in fact, it has carried out weeds killing test and mould killing test
   in the meantime), and required to keep all these tests a secret. 7. On
   June  8,  2000,  DuPont  sent a letter saying it was not interested in
   samples provided by Mr. Huang, and refused to pay Mr. Huang patent and
   licensing  fees.  8.The  mail  signed  by  DuPont  on  June 2th, 2005,
   threaten   Mr.Huang   ,and   prevent   Mr.Huang   send   the   E-mail.
   敬致美国总统布什先生的公开信                尊敬的布什总统先生，您好！
   杜邦公司不履行协
   议的事实已多次通过president@whitehouse.gov向您呈述；president@whitehou
   se.gov也在    2004年9月代替总统先生发来下述三封内容相同的回信：“Thank
   you  for  e-mailing  President  Bush. Your ideas and comments are very
   important to him.”我的“ideas and
   comments”是黄先生有充足的事实证据与无可辩驳的法律依据证明，杜邦必须向
   黄先生支付专利费、许可证费或等额的“完全赔偿”金，杜邦一直拒绝支付这些
   费用是侵犯黄先生的知识产权。president@whitehouse.gov说“are       very
   important to him.” “very
   important”对总统先生是何含意，我不敢妄自猜测；但就愚见而言，有下列“i
   mportant” 。
   1.尊敬的总统先生和总统先生领导的美国政府以及伟大的美国人民对靠盗窃、靠
   耍无赖等无耻方法掠夺别人的知识产权深恶痛绝，而杜邦却正在干此无耻、无赖
   的勾当。
   2.贵国在各种领域拥有的知识产权数量都远远超过世界任何一个国家，深受侵权
   之害。因此，历来的贵国政府都不遗余力敦促世界其他国家加强保护贵国知识产
   权的执法力度。但就在贵国政府不遗余力敦促中国政府加强保护贵国知识产权的
   执法力度并得到您“感到鼓舞”的赞尝时（注），杜邦却用各种极其无耻的无赖
   手段侵犯
   黄先生的知识产权，这对世界其他国家的政府和公众将是一个极坏的信号，对现
   行和潜在的知识产权窃贼将是一个极“好”的榜样，对贵国政府保护贵国知识产
   权的工作是一个极大的破坏，对贵国在世界上崇高地位是一个极大的耻辱。
   为了伟大美国人民的光荣，为了众多美国公司的声誉，为了保卫贵国在世界上的
   崇高地位，为了保护贵国和世
   界其他国家知识产权，敬请您和您的政府阻止杜邦的这种极其无耻的侵犯甚至强
   我们坚信，美国不是一个包庇和纵容无赖的国家，美国政府不是一个包庇和纵容
   无赖的政府；杜邦这个无赖在
   尊敬的总统先生和美国政府的教育下，是会懂得羞耻的，是能够改掉无赖行为成
   为一个正常的公司的。
   由于事实证据充足，杜邦和黄先生双方的权利和义务明确，法律关系简单，所以
   只要贵国政府也加强知识产权
   保护的执法力度，杜邦公司对黄先生的知识产权的侵犯是完全可以阻止的，杜邦
   公司肯定会向黄先生支付专利费、许可证费或等额的“完全赔偿”金的。  此致
   最崇高的敬礼！      全责代理人：SXF      2005.09.17.23：59      （注）
   中国sina网2005.09.14.报道：“9月13日，中国国家主席胡锦涛在纽约同美国总
   统布什举行会晤。”“布什说，他对中方加强知识产权保护的执法力度感到鼓舞
   。” (附件） 摘要 1.
   1995年2月22日杜邦技术转让与许可证纠鞸klar博士 （E.I.DU PONT DE NEMOURS
   AND  COMPANY  Robert  F.  Sklar  Ph.  D.  Manager,Technology  Transfer
   Licensing)来中国上海，要与黄先生“签订许多协
   议”。黄先生坚持要在让杜邦看了样品后再签协
   1995年3月28日黄先生向杜邦寄出了第壹批样品。                         4.
   1995年9月7日黄先生收到杜邦寄来的《BIOLOGICAL                EVALUATION
   议并再提供样品。黄先生按杜邦要求署了此协
   议并向杜邦寄出了第贰批样品。杜邦在《1995年协
   1998年9月10日杜邦发信向黄先生要到了第叁批样品。                      6
   1999年杜邦对第叁批样品进行一个多月的Insecticide
   杜邦签署信件，对黄先生进行威胁-恫吓，阻止黄先生发此E-mail。

   An     open     letter     to     American    President    Mr.    Bush
   敬致美国总统布什先生的公开信

   Hello, my respectable President Mr. Bush:

   The  fact  that  DuPont  declined  to  fulfill  the agreement has been
   presented to you for several times via president@whitehouse.gov; As
   a   result,   president@whitehouse.gov   sent  back  three  letters
   containing  the following same contents on the behalf of Mr. President
   in  Sep  2004:”Thank you for e-mailing President Bush. Your ideas and
   comments are very important to him.” My ”ideas and comments” are as
   follows:  it  is  verified  by  Mr.  Huang  with  adequate  facts  and
   irrefutable legal evidences that DuPont must disburse Mr. Huang patent
   fee,   license  fee  or  equivalent  “Utter  Compensation”  fee  and
   DuPont’s persistent refusal to disburse these fees infringes upon the
   intellectual property rights of Mr. Huang. president@whitehouse.gov
   mentioned  ”are  very  important  to  him.”  I don’t dare to unduly
   surmise  the  meaning of “very important” to Mr. President; However,
   according   to   my   humble   opinions,  there  exits  the  following
   “important”:  on  the  one  hand,  respectable  Mr.  President,  the
   American Government led by Mr. President as well as the great American
   people bitterly hate the predation of the intellectual property rights
   of  others  through  brazen means such as stealing, shameless acts; in
   contrast, DuPont is committing such brazen and shameless deals; on the
   other hand, the number of your country’s intellectual property rights
   in  a variety of fields is far in excess of that of any nations in the
   world  and  suffers  greatly from rights infringement. Therefore, your
   government  always  reserves  no  efforts  in  urging other nations to
   intensify  the  law  enforcement  strength  to protect your country’s
   intellectual  property rights. However, while your government reserves
   no  efforts  in  urging  the  Chinese  government to intensify the law
   enforcement  strength to protect your country’s intellectual property
   rights  and  receives your “more encouraged” praise(note), DuPont is
   infringing  the  intellectual  property  rights  of  Mr. Huang through
   various  extremely  brazen  and  shameless means, which constitutes an
   extremely bad signal to the governments and public of other nations in
   the  world,  a  extremely  “good”  model  for  current and potential
   thieves  of  intellectual  property rights, an enormous damage to your
   government protection of your country’s intellectual property rights,
   and  a  tremendous  humiliation to your country’s lofty status in the
   world.  For the sake of the glory of the great American people and the
   reputation of a legion of American corporations, in order to safeguard
   your country’s lofty status in the world and protect the intellectual
   property  rights  of  your  country and other nations in the world, we
   humbly  request  you  and  your  government  to prevent DuPont’s such
   extremely  brazen  infringement  and even seizure behaviors, and force
   DuPont  to  carry  out  it’s  voluntarily promised obligations in the
   agreement.  We  firmly  believe that the United State is not a country
   that  shields  and  connives at rascals and the American government is
   not  a  government  that  shields  and  connives at rascals; Under the
   instruction   of  our  respectable  Mr.  President  and  the  American
   government,  the  rascal of DuPont shall be aware of shame and be able
   to  turn  into  a normal corporation by giving up shameless behaviors.
   Due to the adequate evidences, the clear-cut rights and obligations of
   both  parties of DuPont and Mr. Huang, and simple legal relations, the
   infringement  of  the  intellectual  property  rights  of Mr. Huang by
   DuPont can be absolutely prevented and DuPont will surely disburse Mr.
   Huang patent fee, license fee or equivalent “Utter Compensation” fee
   as long as your government intensifies the law enforcement strength to
   protect intellectual property rights as well.

   With best regards!
   Authorized agent: SXF 2005.09.17.23：59 （note）
   It was reported by China’s sina website on Sep 14, 2005 that China’s
   president
   Jintao Hu met with American president Bush in New York on Sep 13, and
   President Bush expressed his encouragement by the Chinese government
   actions   to   intensify  the  law  enforcement  strength  to  protect
   intellectual property
   rights.

   Annex:

    Heartfelt  thanks  for  your  reading  my  E-mail  and  your  mail of
   attention  to  this  matter.  I  would like to make some replenishment
   concerning the matter, for you to judge and decide.

   I Abstract
   1. At  the  request  of  Du Pont, Mr. Huang has for 10 times submitted
   written  technical  materials  to Du Pont from April 1993 to 1994, for
   expert group of Du Pont to conduct feasibility analysis.
   2. On  February  22,  1995,  Dr  Robert  F  Sklar, Technology Transfer
   Licensing  Manager  of  DuPont arrived in Shanghai in China, to “sign
   many  agreements”  with Mr. Huang. Mr. Huang insisted DuPont examines
   samples  first  before  signs  any agreement. However, as samples were
   still  in  the process of purification at the time, no agreements were
   signed then.
   3. On  March 28, 1995, Mr. Huang sent the first batch of samples to Du
   Pont by post.
   4. On  September  7,  1995, Mr. Huang received “Biological Evaluation
   Agreement”  (1995  Agreement) sent by Du Pont, requiring Mr. Huang to
   sign  this  agreement  and again provide samples. Mr. Huang signed the
   agreement and sent second batch of samples as requested by DuPont.
    DuPont  admit  in  Article 5 of the “1995 Agreement” that Mr. Huang
   will  be entitled to claim patent and licensing fees. DuPont states in
   Article  8  of the “1995 Agreement” that Mr. Huang may not cooperate
   with  any  universities  or  enterprises  in any form before and after
   signing  of  this  agreement  (for  this reason, Mr. Huang has refused
   cooperation request of several companies).
   5. On  September  10,  1998, DuPont sent a letter to Mr. Huang, asking
   for third batch of samples.
   6. In  1999,  DuPont carried out a month-long insecticide screening on
   the  third batch of samples (in fact, it has carried out weeds killing
   test and mould killing test in the meantime), and required to keep all
   these tests a secret.
   7. On  June 8, 2000, DuPont sent a letter saying it was not interested
   in  samples provided by Mr. Huang, and refused to pay Mr. Huang patent
   and licensing fees.
   8.The mail signed by DuPont on June 2th, 2005, threaten  Mr.Huang ,and
   prevent Mr.Huang send the
   E-mail.


    敬致美国总统布什先生的公开信
   尊敬的布什总统先生，您好！
   杜邦公司不履行协
   议的事实已多次通过president@whitehouse.gov向您呈述；president@wh
   itehouse.gov也在
   2004年9月代替总统先生发来下述三封内容相同的回信：“Thank    you    for
   e-mailing  President  Bush. Your ideas and comments are very important
   to him.”我的“ideas and
   comments”是黄先生有充足的事实证据与无可辩驳的法律依据证明，杜邦必须向
   黄先生支付专利费、许可证费或等额的“完全赔偿”金，杜邦一直拒绝支付这些
   费用是侵犯黄先生的知识产权。president@whitehouse.gov说“are    very
   important to him.”
   “very
   important”对总统先生是何含意，我不敢妄自猜测；但就愚见而言，有下列“i
   mportant” 。
   1.尊敬的总统先生和总统先生领导的美国政府以及伟大的美国人民对靠盗窃、靠
   耍无赖等无耻方法掠夺别人的知识产权深恶痛绝，而杜邦却正在干此无耻、无赖
   的勾当。
   2.贵国在各种领域拥有的知识产权数量都远远超过世界任何一个国家，深受侵权
   之害。因此，历来的贵国政府都不遗余力敦促世界其他国家加强保护贵国知识产
   权的执法力度。但就在贵国政府不遗余力敦促中国政府加强保护贵国知识产权的
   执法力度并得到您“感到鼓舞”的赞尝时（注），杜邦却用各种极其无耻的无赖
   手段侵犯
   黄先生的知识产权，这对世界其他国家的政府和公众将是一个极坏的信号，对现
   行和潜在的知识产权窃贼将是一个极“好”的榜样，对贵国政府保护贵国知识产
   权的工作是一个极大的破坏，对贵国在世界上崇高地位是一个极大的耻辱。
   为了伟大美国人民的光荣，为了众多美国公司的声誉，为了保卫贵国在世界上的
   崇高地位，为了保护贵国和世
   界其他国家知识产权，敬请您和您的政府阻止杜邦的这种极其无耻的侵犯甚至强
   中主动承诺的义务。

   我们坚信，美国不是一个包庇和纵容无赖的国家，美国政府不是一个包庇和纵容
   无赖的政府；杜邦这个无赖在
   尊敬的总统先生和美国政府的教育下，是会懂得羞耻的，是能够改掉无赖行为成
   为一个正常的公司的。
   由于事实证据充足，杜邦和黄先生双方的权利和义务明确，法律关系简单，所以
   只要贵国政府也加强知识产权
   保护的执法力度，杜邦公司对黄先生的知识产权的侵犯是完全可以阻止的，杜邦
   公司肯定会向黄先生支付专利费、许可证费或等额的“完全赔偿”金的。

   此致
   最崇高的敬礼！
   全责代理人：SXF   2005.09.17.23：59

   （注）
   中国sina网2005.09.14.报道：“9月13日，中国国家主席胡锦涛在纽约同美国总
   统布什举行会晤。”“布什说，他对中方加强知识产权保护的执法力度感到鼓舞
   。”

   (附件）

     摘要
     1.
   可行性分析。
      2.  1995年2月22日杜邦技术转让与许可证纠鞸klar博士  （E.I.DU PONT DE
   NEMOURS AND COMPANY Robert
   F. Sklar Ph. D. Manager,Technology Transfer
   Licensing)来中国上海，要与黄先生“签订许多协
   议”。黄先生坚持要在让杜邦看了样品后再签协
     3 1995年3月28日黄先生向杜邦寄出了第壹批样品。
         4.    1995年9月7日黄先生收到杜邦寄来的《BIOLOGICAL    EVALUATION
   议并再提供样品。黄先生按杜邦要求署了此协
   议并向杜邦寄出了第贰批样品。杜邦在《1995年协
     5. 1998年9月10日杜邦发信向黄先生要到了第叁批样品。
               6          1999年杜邦对第叁批样品进行一个多月的Insecticide
     7.
   杜邦签署信件，对黄先生进行威胁-恫吓，阻止黄先生发此E-mail。



